Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
JTC Tourist
JTC Travel
Go to Hawaii!!
Hello, welcome to JTC!
Overseas Travel Counter
Hawaii
A family trip to Hawaii? How lovely!
Right now we recommend Hawaii Island.
Europe and Asia
The Americas
Oahu is nice too, but go for the Big Island!
Thank for your patience. Please have a seat.
It has all the shopping
and nature you could ask for.
Hello there!
Take a look at our wonderful trip packages.
We also recommend Saipan.
Gonda-kun, they haven't canceled, have they?
Have they?!
It'll be fine, Shinshi-san.
Good morning, Kurokawa-san.
Good morning.
How many seats are left in the QR CMN?
The group canceled?!
Eight.
It's quiet in here.
Hey, Ohara.
Ohara!
Y-Yes, ma'am?
Confirm hotel reservations
for this summer tour package.
W-Will do, Branch Manager.
Respond right away, and make eye contact!
Y-Yes, ma'am!
Stop zoning out. We're busy here.
I swear...
I'm not zoning out.
I was considering how to respond.
If you waited another second...
Ohara,
let's play baseball.
Maybe it's my habit of lagging
slightly behind in conversation,
Did you buy
the new game?
Did you do
your homework?
Why aren't you
saying anything?
but it feels like I'm also
falling behind in life.
Ohara-san.
Good morning.
I'll leave these Hawaii
yachting documents here for you.
Thanks a bunch.
I missed my chance to say thanks again.
No problem.
Not that it was worth taking up her time.
Honjoji-san?!
Hello, this is Ohara with JTC.
I'm working diligently! I'm not slacking!
About the Hawaii yachting. Right.
Why Don't We Get Married?
Hikifune Station West Entrance
Kama, I'm home.
Here's your food.
Kama, Honjoji-san glared at me again today.
She's only been there a year longer than me,
but she gives me those silent menacing looks.
Kama-kun, I'm already
in my fourth year of work.
When are coworkers going to
stop getting mad at me?
Not that asking a cat is going to help.
Walking the World's Streets
Kama, come watch TV with me.
Spending time with you like this is so nice.
A travel agency starts its day with cleaning!
Komiya-chan, you're so peppy.
Okay, get to mopping.
Thanks.
I'm not slacking! I'm not!
I am cleaning!
Did I scare him again?
I suppose he thinks
I'm a frightening person.
I have this thing where
I unconsciously stare at people.
It's not like I'm doing it on purpose,
but I can't think of anything to say.
I'm sorry, Honjoji-san!
Did I do something bad?
No, I mean, I'm not angry.
But I'm not smiling either.
Oh well, it's not worth
taking the time to explain.
This is Honjo-azumabashi
Atlases
Latest World Atlas
Alone at last!
Mercator of Love
Mount Kaimon
Kyushu Nature Trail
I thought that I could just look at maps
all day in the Planning Department,
but that's not how it turned out at all.
So much fun for ¥435!
Maps are the best!
JTC Tourist
JTC Travel
Go to Hawaii!!
We will now begin today's morning assembly.
First off, Mamaru-san from the head office
has something important to say.
Someone from the head office?
Everyone, thank you for your hard work.
We find ourselves now in the Reiwa era,
and competition continues to heat up.
So as for our company, uh...
As of this summer, JTC will
up its focus on North America.
The Alaska area in particular.
Alaska touches the Arctic, and its cities
such as Juneau and Fairbanks are popular.
And so, someone from this office
is going to become manager
of the Anchorage Branch
that's going to open next year!
S-Say what?!
Anchorage?
We're getting sent to Alaska?
Oh, but it's a pretty place.
It has icebergs, glaciers, dog sleds...
North Pole
That's the North Pole!
It's a little far to be
separated from family,
so we'll select someone who's unmarried.
Would anyone like to volunteer?!
Unmarried?
Then I'm off the hook.
How about you, Saito?
Oh, no.
There aren't any volunteers?
Excuse me.
Ohara, are you going?
I-I... can't go.
Huh? Ohara?
I-I, well...
I have a cat.
A cat? That's not a reason.
You barely ever speak up,
and now you make me wonder
how you even view your job.
Everyone give this some serious thought!
365 days until the
Anchorage Branch opens
Because one of you is going!
Alaska? What a surprise!
Traveling there might be great,
but living there's another matter.
It's three or four years at the least.
Kamoi-san has been stuck in Tahiti for ten
years now, with no replacement in sight.
Please send me home.
Please send me home. Please send me home!
Hey!
I know how to guard against going to Alaska!
Seriously?
Just get married!
They prefer someone who's single, after all.
Good idea. Komiya-chan, will you marry me?
Oh, what a thing to say!
Never mind marriage,
I don't even have any female friends.
I'm in trouble. Lots of trouble.
It's 5,500 km to Anchorage. That's too far.
I don't even communicate well
in Japan. Forget Alaska.
And I hear the mosquitoes there are monsters.
What do I do?
This is a matter of life and death for me.
And it's not like I have any pull at work.
Everywhere in the world is fun on a map.
But actually going out in public
doesn't interest me at all.
I bet it's cold in Alaska.
It was scary at the vet, huh, Kama?
But for the time being, you're...
Honjoji-san?
N-No, there's no need to be nervous.
We're not at work today. If I slack off...
it's okay.
Excuse me, Honjoji-san.
Thank you for all your help.
I'm leaving the company.
You quit?
Oh, no, I plan to tell
Kurokawa-san on Monday.
S-See you.
Um, is that...
because your cat is important to you?
Yes, it is.
He's finally willing to show his tail to me.
His tail?
Other cats would pick on him.
He was a mess when I got him.
It took forever for him to open up to me.
But lately, he's at least
started showing his tail.
I can't go and abandon him now.
There's no one who can look after him?
A girlfriend or family member?
No, not at all! Uh, I...
I'm sorry for always being unsociable.
Bye.
Um!
Do you know what the summer
temperature is in Anchorage?
Huh?
It's 18°C. A little chilly.
What I'm trying to say is, well...
Why don't...
we get married?
Why don't we get married?
Huh?
No, I'm asking you.
Oh, right.
Did she just say "married"?
Married?
He's surprised. And I admit,
it was a wild thing to say.
Huh?
U-Um, what do you mean by "married"?
I don't mean a real marriage. Just pretend.
Pretend?
That's right. I could never
handle the Anchorage Branch.
But if I'm ordered to go,
I have no grounds for refusal.
It's the same for you, isn't it?
If you can't be apart from your cat,
we could get married and
then not have to go to Alaska.
Kurokawa-san was saying unmarried
people will be prioritized.
So if we were to make it so we're married...
I hadn't thought of that.
No wait, I could never. A pretend marriage?
I've hardly ever even spoken to Honjoji-san!
Now I've gone and said it all.
There's no backing out now.
Is a fake marriage really going to work?
I'm confident it will.
I shouldn't say this, but
we don't stand out at work.
If we say we're getting married,
I doubt anyone will show much interest.
365 days until the
Anchorage Branch opens
The Anchorage Branch opens in a year.
If we say we're getting married
and then make it through several months,
there'll be no more talk about the transfer,
and by then, hardly anyone should
care anymore about our marriage.
I think we'll be okay to let things die
down, then pretend it never happened.
You know, you have a point there.
Right.
Is this actually a good idea?
I want to keep my job, and
I'll get to stay with Kama!
Well, I'm on board with trying it.
The fake marriage.
Thank you, let's give it a go.
So, tomorrow at 8:45, let's meet
at the street-side entrance.
We'll notify Kurokawa-san
of our marriage there.
I'll move things forward from here,
so Ohara-kun, you basically
don't need to do anything.
What?
There's nothing for me to do?
There is not.
I proposed this idea,
so you can leave it to me.
If you'll excuse me.
Th-That was so businesslike.
You know what, I had no idea
Honjoji-san was such a bold person.
It's surprising.
It's now or never.
What?!
Married?! You two?!
Y-Yes.
I need to tell her the way I planned.
The two of us would like
to keep this quiet and low-key,
so as not to cause any trouble.
Wow! Congratulations!
No way, I didn't notice at all!
When did you start dating?!
And Ohara! I never
thought you had it in you!
Way to prove me wrong!
U-Um...
What a great pair you make!
What a great pair!
You've made my day!
Excuse me, Kurokawa-san.
Well, I'm sure there's a lot ahead of you,
but I'm happy to offer any advice. See ya!
She was unbelievably happy.
Yes.
So far, the plan's a success.
Huh?
She believes we're going to get married.
You don't need to worry,
I'll make sure this works.
Hello.
What?! Another accident?!
They're going to cancel on us!
Shinshi-san, calm down.
Please hurry and update the site.
Ohara, Ohara.
Y-Yes, ma'am.
We're having trouble filling
these Hawaii hotel rooms.
Could you quickly come up with a plan?
Will do.
I'd like you to help him, Honjoji-san.
Yes, ma'am.
Please do, then.
Saito, you got a minute?
Yes, ma'am.
Listen, about what I asked you
for the other day,
how's it coming?
It isn't finished yet.
Five Hotel
New Plan Summary
Done.
That took a long time.
Yes.
Hello?
It's done? Oh, good!
Right now we're meeting up
at the usual Italian place.
Would you mind bringing it there?
Make sure Honjoji-san comes with you.
The usual Italian place?
Oh, that would be Bau Bau.
Let's go.
Ristorante Bau Bau
Ohara-kun Honjoji-san
Congrats on getting engaged!!
All of us at the JTC Kinshicho Branch
Ohara-kun Honjoji-san
Congrats on getting engaged!!
All of us at the JTC Kinshicho Branch
Congratulations!
A surprise party?
Are you surprised?
We all put it together!
Come on, you two, sit in the middle.
You're the stars today!
Th-This isn't good.
What do we do now?
Ohara-kun.
There's no escaping this.
Let's just run with it.
Huh?
We can't afford to let them set the pace.
Let's return fire at max excitement!
Max excitement?
Is that something we can do?
Don't worry.
I take full responsibility for this.
Just give me a little time.
So, in celebration of their engagement!
I'm going to go charge up my excitement.
Cheers!
Charge up her excitement?
Is that something she can do?!
Senpai, could you tell us the whole story?
Tell us how you fell in love!
Uh, well...
You happy boy, you!
Uh, well, see...
Happy boy!
Still, I can't help but be surprised that
Ohara-san and Honjoji-san are an item.
Komiya-chan, aren't you suspicious?
Huh?
It's too sudden, this engagement.
The whole timing of it.
It really is fishy.
I bet...
there's a bun in the oven!
I'm impressed, Ohara-san!
Noisy
Yeah, I had no clue!
Don't tell me it's a shotgun wedding?
Th-They're going to tear me apart.
I've got to find a way to escape!
Noisy
Program
Everyone, thank you for being here today.
As thanks, I'm going to sing!
Mercator of Love
Written by Narita Shun
Music by Narita Shun
Arrangement by Narita Shun
My love is a Mercator...
Th-This is Honjoji-san at max excitement!
Or, not so much.
That singing that sounded like it was coming
from Hades brought the place to a standstill.
She had probably never sung
in front of people before.
But her only choice was to sing.
To me, she seemed downright heroic.
A-Are you all right?
Yes. I drank a little too much.
I will never sing karaoke again.
R-Right.
I—
I-I'm sorry!
Uh, it's okay.
Bye.
Today's the worst day of my life.
I want to die. Just curl up and die!
Should I have made sure she got home?
I could say "thank you"
or "good night," at least.
It's still not too late to do so.
I could have helped her out
by singing a duet with her back there.
Why didn't I get up and join her?
I'm so pathetic.
How our love started?
Yes, the story of how we met,
and eventually decided to marry.
It'll be made-up, of course.
Good point.
We don't know what we'll be asked, or when.
And so, please fill out this profile.
I have tomorrow off,
so I will go gather materials.
Materials?
Yes, in YHM.
With Yokohama as the setting, I'll think up
a story for our first date and proposal.
It's just like making a pamphlet for work.
First, the tale of how we got together.
Marriage Project Setup Questionnaire
Wow, Ohara-kun wrote very precise responses.
I am 24 years old.
He's 24.
Two years younger than me,
and yet such firm character.
Ohara-kun...
Zone
I tried to conjure him up
for this imaginary date,
Zone
but of all things, I can't remember his face.
Even though we've worked across
from each other for two years.
Zone
Is this how little interest
I have in other people?
Just how heartless am I?
No matter how much
I refine this fake project,
there's no way it's going to turn out well.
Ohara-kun, I'm sorry.
I got you to go along with this dumb idea,
and I really am sorry
that it will crash and burn.
But we can't call it off now.
It's going to cause more and more trouble.
What am I supposed to do?
H-Honjoji-san.
O-Ohara-kun!
U-Um, please let me help you
come up with the love story!
So, do you like Ferris wheels?
No.
I don't particularly like them,
but there's something I want to do.
I-I see.
Honjoji-san has concrete ideas about this.
I shouldn't have come after all.
What's that nice smell?
Is it the scent of her hair?
I got a lot of materials today.
Like the Red Brick Warehouse,
and Landmark Tower.
L-Looks good.
And also, there's something I found
and bought along the way.
R-Rings?
They're wedding rings, just not expensive.
I think they'll make our
wedding story more convincing.
I-I'm sweating now.
If we put these on, it'll be like
we're really getting married.
Go on, Ohara-kun.
She didn't hesitate at all.
She went to the trouble of buying these?
And I have a favor to ask of you.
Could you think of what
to say for a proposal?
Proposal?!
That's right.
I came up with how we got together
and acquired some vignettes,
but I haven't come up
with the proposal at the end.
My idea is that we ride a Ferris wheel,
and when it gets to the very top,
that's when you propose to me.
Th-That is romantic.
It is.
Would you mind being the one
to think of the words you use?
I-I know I said I wanted
to help with the project,
but suddenly, I have this important task?
I'll think of something, if you can't do it.
Oh, I'll do it. Please allow me to.
It's too late to turn back now.
I need to think of something.
And I don't want to disappoint her
by saying something boring.
Uh oh, I might have stressed him out.
I should have asked him to do something else.
U-Um!
H-How about these words?
Y-Yes?
P—
Please marry me.
Huh? I can't say it.
It's right there in my mind,
but it won't come out.
If I say this, everything will change.
That's the way it feels.
These words are incredible.
I've heard them in countless
TV shows, and yet...
I'm sorry.
I still haven't thought of anything.
Sorry.
I will think of something later.
Uh, hey, it's okay.
It's all okay.
Ohara-kun, the view is beautiful.
Today, I did lots of things
I don't usually do.
It was like an ordinary life.
Ohara-kun, please take your time
thinking of a proposal.
I'll wait as long as it takes.
Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
All right.